so you fall in love you start dating you
move in together and then it seems to
start going in the wrong direction again
before you label your significant other
as not the one remember that some
changes are normal and just inevitable
so what are these love laws you need to
remember well let's count it down from
number 10
Trust is extremely fragile according to
a 2017 Stanford University study 70% of
unmarried couples break up within the
first year of their relationship the
reasons for this berry from coupled a
couple of course it could be different
values and life goals financial issues
but more often than not it has to do
with black of trust any expert will tell
you all relationships are based on trust
and sometimes it might seem very solid
but this is a very deceptive and
dangerous feeling because the trust
between spouses can be broken very
quickly and easily
a suspicious 2:00 a.m. phone call from
someone named Nancy or that time you
agreed to spend the weekend together but
he suddenly had to change plans with no
explanation mm-hmm it all starts with a
little trigger and then it becomes
almost impossible to glue your trust
back together so if you don't want your
relationship to break like your
grandma's favorite vase also pronounced
boss make sure you work on maintaining
trust in it it's not just about always
telling the truth even though it's an
obvious thing it's also about listening
and actually caring resolving conflicts
in an adult way matching your words with
actions and letting the other person
feel they can always rely on you no
matter what number 9 sometimes you'll be
bored together have you ever noticed how
couples in all those romantic movies do
everything together and never ever get
bored from each other well
not everything you see on a large screen
is true
or on a small screen in real life
reading a book or meeting up with
friends might be more interesting than
an evening together with your spouse it
doesn't mean there is a distance between
you just give each other a break when
you need it and soon you'll have fun
together again dr. Holly Richmond
Marriage and Family Therapist explains
spending time apart in doing your own
thing is important to get that spark you
felt in the very beginning again your
partner had their own life before you
and it made them the person you fell in
love with after all so let yourself miss
them just a little bit and then catch up
on all the adventures you both had
number eight you won't always be on the
same side even if you make all important
decisions unanimously sooner or later
there will come a time when you won't
agree on something that really matters
the key here is not to get angry with
your soulmate and try to find a way out
of this situation together remember
there is no problem that the two of you
can't solve together and don't let it
set you apart
in fact engaging in conflicts that you
resolve together and boosting that skill
is good for a healthy relationship
ignoring the problems is what's more
likely to put an end to it says new
york-based Michael Badshah author an
internationally recognized relationship
expert number seven marriage and
children are not a decision they are a
challenge many people mistakenly believe
that marriage will make their
relationship stronger or that children
can bridge a gap between spouses however
both marriage and Parenthood are really
tough challenges and there's nothing
wrong with that you'll learn to be a
good partner and parent just like you
once learned to ride a bicycle yes you
fell off it a few times but it got much
better later right of course it did
number six you will be attracted to each
other forever a relationship is wildly
passionate only in the beginning in 2003
American and European researchers
decided to find out exactly how long
passion lives for they interviewed an
impressive amount of 1761 people who got
married and stayed together over 15
years and found out that passion lives
on average for two years when it goes
away the love life becomes calmer
sometimes this can become a problem but
it's important to remember it's
perfectly normal and it doesn't mean you
were not meant to be quite often the
honeymoon period comes back after a few
years when you enter some new phase of
life number five you will feel lonely
sometimes
it might seem that a relationship and
especially a marriage is the opposite of
loneliness but that's not really true
sometimes you will feel lonely and it
may seem that nobody understands you and
nobody cares about you well this type of
thinking is perfectly normal if it comes
to you from time to time and it doesn't
mean that your marriage is a disaster or
that your partner isn't giving you
enough love number four you will have
strange thoughts should I get divorced
could I have been happier with someone
else such thoughts may come to even the
happiest of couples people often think
about these things at night or when they
are alone the best thing you can do is
just ignore such thoughts anxiety and
intrusive thought experts dr. Martin
Seif and dr. Sally Winston compared
unwanted thoughts to junk rolling
through your brain they are perfectly
normal elements of the stream of
consciousness and if you don't pay
attention to them they'll simply get
washed away
number three you will lose connection
from time to time when you love someone
you feel like you were meant to be and
you your destiny and your heart are all
connected to the person you love that
connection gets so strong you can read
each other's minds and finish each
other's sentences it gives you
butterflies in the stomach but sometimes
all of a sudden this connection seems to
disappear
remember it's perfectly normal so you
don't have to worry about it we all have
bad days at work spoiled by deadlines
and little annoying episodes like a flat
tire from time to time we all get
physically sick so the best thing you
can do is wait for the storm to be over
and let the butterflies back in number
two you will hurt each other here's one
particularly rough truth you have to
accept nobody can hurt you more than the
person you love you take his or her
words to heart more than anybody else's
in the middle of a fight your partner
can also hit you where it hurts the most
Debra south Richardson a psychology
professor at Georgia Regents University
has been studying interpersonal
aggression since 1974 she classifies
hurtful words as direct aggression along
with yelling hitting confrontations and
concluded people show it more often
toward siblings and significant others
she suggests it can be seen as one of
the signs of a really stable
relationship when you believe the other
person won't break the bond with you no
matter what you allow yourself a little
more than you would otherwise so it's
simple you will hurt each other the most
important thing is to deal with the
problems when they appear not when it's
too late number one love can't survive
on its own people often forget that love
isn't just a noun it's also a verb of
action both of you have to take this
action day by day to make your
relationship work remember that
beautiful rose and Beauty and the Beast
that was dying without love and care and
only a true and selfless feeling could
save it
think about your relationship in the
same way and water it regularly with
patience acceptance a little surprise
for your significant other and simply
being there for them no matter what feel
better so hey have you experienced any
of these moments in your relationship
feel free to confess in the comment
section below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you